<p class="has-line-data" data-line-start="0" data-line-end="1">I was 10 when I made my first blog on Blogfa. I was fascinated by the idea of creating something from scratch and I felt an immense sense of power. I edited the html source code so that Blogfa does not show its advertising banners. I felt like Dennis Ritchie, the godfather of modern computing.</p>
<p class="has-line-data" data-line-start="2" data-line-end="3">Later, I made a chat room website with a script and then I got to know some developers, whose job was to develop chat rooms and forums sites. They accepted me as a graphic designer and support operator in their team despite my young age, until they developed a custom-built script that had a strong management panel. We made a lot of progress and took over 90% of the chat room website market.</p>
<p class="has-line-data" data-line-start="4" data-line-end="5">We were at the peak of progress when filtering due to the promotion of corruption started to happen. We were banned from many websites and the team fell apart because of this issue. I felt so frustrated by the injustice and I hated the Net for a long time. I decided to go to C# to work on Windows software applications.</p>
<p class="has-line-data" data-line-start="6" data-line-end="7">I became interested in university and after university, I was familiar with accounting due to the development of the financial management and accounting section that was written in most of the software in C# that I worked on, so I accepted the accounting position at KristalPars Company.</p>
<p class="has-line-data" data-line-start="8" data-line-end="9">After about two years, I came to the conclusion that nothing can take the place of programming for me, and then I started as a self-taught front-end professional for two years. I studied and worked hard to become a proficient programmer until I finally felt ready to start working as a freelancer.</p>
<p class="has-line-data" data-line-start="10" data-line-end="11">Now, I’m able to work with clients from all over the globe and have the freedom to work from anywhere. I’m thankful for the experience I gained from my early years of programming and for the chance to pursue my passion.</p>
